[Music]
how JK Rowling imagined the Harry Potter
characters versus how they were
portrayed in the movies
JK Rowling brought us the world of Harry
Potter and endowed it with an impressive
number of Secrets some she only revealed
after the last book had been written
some were found by fans and some weren't
hidden at all for example despite the
fact that the movies are iconic to so
many people
some characters don't match their
descriptions from the books did you know
that when the first book was written
Professor Snape was just over 30 watch
our video for more fascinating details
number 1 Harry Potter the casting for
the main character of the Harry Potter
books took quite some time everyone
wanted to find the perfect Harry and
they did Daniel Radcliffe did an amazing
job at bringing the character to life
and making him truly authentic however
some of the important aspects of Harry's
appearance from the books weren't
reflected in the film for example
according to the books the Boy Who Lived
has his mother's green eyes and the wild
hair that refuses to be styled just like
his father's and even though Radcliffe
has blue eyes and not so messy hair his
portrayal of Harry is still flawless
number two Hermione Granger Hermione
Granger is an important part of the
golden trio and the brightest Witch of
her age as Ron once said to Harry we
wouldn't last two days without her and
that couldn't be truer Emma Watson did a
wonderful job portraying different sides
of Hermione but what about her
appearance let's see
JK Rowling once sad that Hermione is
slightly like her own eleven-year-old
self portrait the author chose a thick
bush of chestnut hair and large front
teeth which she reduced in Goblet of
Fire though when Malfoy spell ricocheted
into Hermione to be this little
sweethearts distinguishing features
nevertheless Emma Watson had this thick
Bush only in the first movie plus she
has nice teeth from the very beginning
other than that Emma Watson without a
doubt makes her true her mind
number three Ron Weasley
Harry's best friend and the king Ron
Weasley is one of the most fun and
interesting characters in the Harry
Potter world we all remember his little
jokes and comments as well as his
typical Weasley appearance but was it
reflected in the film properly well to
be honest Ron wasn't spared either in
the books he has a long nose and
freckles that are nowhere to be found on
Rupert Grint well at least they got the
hair right of course
Rupert played Ron perfectly but why not
add a few missing elements right number
four Severus Snape misunderstood and
lonely Severus Snape continues to be one
of the most complicated and ambiguous
characters in the film series plus you
can't deny that the amazing Alan Rickman
was an exceptional actor and a great
Severus Snape the way he was able to
make pretty much everyone dislike his
character for almost the entire story
and then turned everything around in
just one scene is just astonishing but
let's try to remember Severus his
description in the book greasy black
hair and a hooked nose seems like
everything is perfect but we should not
forget that he was supposed to be just a
little older than thirty at the
beginning of the first book to our
dismay the whole franchise suffers from
age overstatement and there is nothing
we can do about it
[Music]
number five Albus Dumbledore the wisest
headmaster of Hogwarts professor Albus
Dumbledore was played by two different
people in the film series richard harris
played the role of Dumbledore in the
first two movies but unfortunately he
didn't live to star in the next movies
and was replaced by Michael Gambon if
you compare his film appearances to the
original one it seems like richard
harris
looked a bit more like the book's
Dumbledore who had blue eyes and wore
half glasses at the same time none of
the actors had Dumbledore's very long
and crooked nose still both of the
actors played Dumbledore authentically
except for that famous calm Goblet of
Fire scene right still amazing though
[Music]
number six
Alastor Moody Aleister Moody's character
was the true mystery of Goblet of Fire
and it was perfectly reflected in the
film as well brendan gleeson made it all
look very believable and cool but was
every bit of Aleister Moody's image
portrayed correctly when Mad Eye appears
in the book he is described as a man
with a badly disfigured face and tip of
the nose in the movie however he looks
just fine apart from the famous Mad Eye
and several lines on his face is a movie
actors job as dangerous as that of the
original character one way or another
Gleason's acting makes up for it making
moody truly strange and a bit terrifying
number seven Viktor Krum Viktor Krum is
an excellent Quidditch player who later
becomes a love interest of Hermione he
is an introvert and a reserved and
polite person in the movies he was
played by Bulgarian actor stanislav E&F
ski but is his appearance in the film
similar to the crumbs won in the book
well according to JK Rowling's vision
Viktor Krum was tall slim and had a
hooked nose he also had thick eyebrows
and dark hair and looked awkward on the
ground some of these details made it to
the film but most of them unfortunately
didn't still it hasn't changed the
general image of crumb at all he is
still the same person he was intended to
be in the books
number eight petunia Dursley petunia
Dursley is a harry's aunt who later
becomes his guardian she's played
perfectly in the film series by Fiona
Shaw but some of the original petunias
features were lost in the movies in the
books mrs. Dursley is described as
having a long neck that granted her the
ability to spy on her neighbors which
she just loved to do moreover she has
blonde hair which her son
Dudley inherited none of this is in the
movies in fact both mrs. Dursley and
Dudley are brunettes it's not that big
of a deal but it still would be
interesting to see the blonde
Dursley right
[Music]
number nine Minerva McGonagall a strict
but fair head of Gryffindor Minerva
McGonagall was highly respected by all
of her students flawlessly played by
charismatic and talented Maggie Smith
she became one of the most loved
characters for many Potter heads so was
McGonigle's image portrayed correctly in
the film series in the books Minerva is
described to be a tall black haired and
kind of a severe looking woman who
according to Harry's first impression is
not someone to cross it was all
reflected in the film apart from the
characters age see the professor of
Transfiguration was 56 years old when
Harry first came to Hogwarts so the book
character is actually way younger
number ten Dolores Umbridge Dolores
Umbridge is probably the most hated
character after Lord Voldemort himself
and that's saying something right the
character was brilliantly portrayed by
Imelda Staunton who showed the true
colors of Dolores his personality
perfectly there was just one thing wrong
she is way too pretty for um bridges
original image in the books Dolores
Umbridge looks just as unpleasant on the
outside as she truly is inside
she certainly has some resemblance to a
frog
thanks to her round bulging eyes large
mouth and pale loose skin and of course
the finishing stroke a small black bow
resembling a fly in her short mouse
colored hair
[Music]
number eleven Rufus Scrimgeour Rufus
Scrimgeour becomes the minister of magic
in the half-blood Prince he is a man of
the action according to Dumbledore but
he is also quite impulsive which leads
him to make not-so-great decisions most
of the time in the book
Rufus resembled an old lion because of
his mane of graying ginger hair and his
style of clothing he wore wire-rimmed
glasses and limped so bill nighy who
played Scrimgeour looked a lot like his
character in the book just the glasses
and the hair colour are missing
despite his disagreements with Harry
Scrimgeour did resemble a lion the
symbol of Gryffindor he's got all the
courage in the world which was proved
once again when he refused to reveal
Harry's whereabouts even under torture
number twelve bill Weasley bill is the
first child of Arthur and Molly Weasley
he works for Gringotts and is married to
Fleur Delacour bill is quite cool fun
brave and laid-back when we first meet
him in the books he is described to be
tall thin and handsome he looks like a
rock star and usually wears his hair in
a ponytail however his appearance
changes in the half-blood Prince as a
result of his fight with the werewolf
Fenrir Greyback he received huge scars
which grotesquely disfigured his face
although Fleur Delacour didn't love him
less because of it in the movie however
we can see just some mere scratches but
nothing even remotely close to the
book's description but other than that
movie bill is just as awesome
[Music]
number thirteen Narcissa Malfoy
Narcissa Malfoy is Draco's mother and
Bellatrix Lestrange his younger sister
she's an arrogant woman and a true
believer in the importance of blood
purity just like the rest of the Malfoy
family in the books aristocratic
Narcissa Malfoy is tall and very pale
according to Harry she looks like she's
got dung under her nose above all
Narcisa has long white hair which made
her look like a drowned woman this
little detail was gone in the movies
though it's not clear why she was given
two tone hair but we still have to admit
that it looks quite cool so what's your
favourite character from the Harry
Potter world and why tell us in the
comment section below
don't forget to hit the like button and
share this video with all of your
friends join us on the bright side
[Music]